docs: [restrict-template-expressions] clarify `allowArray` option behavior (#12472)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/restrict-template-expressions.mdx

{/* insert option description */}

This option recursively checks the type of each array element.

> For example, an error is reported if an array element has an unacceptable type.

Reviewer: I _think_ this sounds cleaner?

```suggestion
This option recursively checks the type of each array element, so an error is reported if any element has an unacceptable type.
```

Author: Thanks! I agree it's a better explanation. I've updated the documentation accordingly.
